Update ion_platform_config.h (#231)
amzn/ion-c: README.md

For detailed walkthroughs of git submodule usage, see the
[Git Tools documentation](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules).

## Building the Library

> Use the provided scripts `build-release.sh` and `build-debug.sh`. Ensure that `cmake` is installed first.

Reviewer: I suggest rephrasing this to:
* Put the "first" step at the beginning 
* Clarify how to choose which build script a user should run

```suggestion
Ensure that `cmake` is installed. To create an optimized build without debug symbols, run the `build-release.sh` script. To create an unoptimized build that includes debug symbols, use `build-debug.sh`.
```

Is there a minimum version of `cmake`? Should we have a `dependencies` section that spells out platform and compiler versions? (Not necessarily authored in this PR, we can open an issue to track it.)

Author: I don't know.

Reviewer: I'd be happy with a "known to work on" section.

### On macOS

> `cmake` can be installed using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/): `brew install cmake`

Reviewer: This is good information but makes me wonder if we need to provide corresponding instructions for Linux/Windows?

Author: I'm taking a stone soup approach here :) and general install instructions for linux are "install from your package manager whatever it is and how do you not have cmake on linux?" right?

Reviewer: > general install instructions for linux are "install from your package manager whatever it is and how do you not have cmake on linux?" right?

Linux has newbies too! And not every linux distro comes with `build-essentials` or equivalent preinstalled. It never hurts to have friendly/complete documentation.
